; Public hostnames pointing at the shared ALB.
;
; GENERATED by 02_apply_public_ingress_prod.sh -- do not edit by hand.
; ALB: k8s-dataplatformpubli-be0fb7e6a4-515848705.ap-southeast-1.elb.amazonaws.com
;
; HOW TO IMPORT
;   Cloudflare -> nopega.net -> DNS -> Records -> Import
;   Leave "Proxy imported DNS records" UNCHECKED.
;
; WHY DNS-ONLY AND NOT PROXIED
;   1. The ALB serves an ACM certificate issued for these exact names. Proxying
;      puts Cloudflare's certificate in front instead and adds a second TLS hop
;      that has to be configured correctly or it fails as a 5xx that looks like
;      the origin is down.
;   2. Cloudflare's free plan caps request bodies at 100 MB -- invisible for
;      Airflow, fatal for pushing a container image layer.
;
; A CNAME rather than an A record because an ALB's addresses change without
; notice. Pinning an IP works until AWS replaces a node, then fails.
;
; Every row points at the same load balancer. That is the point of the shared
; group.name: one ALB, one certificate, one bill, many hostnames routed by host
; rule.
;
; Cloudflare reports anything already present as a duplicate and skips it, so
; re-importing the whole file is safe.
;
; Do NOT delete the ACM validation CNAMEs also in this zone. ACM re-reads them
; to renew the certificate automatically.
;
; TTL 1 means "automatic" to Cloudflare.

; airflow.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted
; trino.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted
; harbor.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted
; grafana.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted
; argocd.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted
; prometheus.nopega.net already in the zone, pointing at this ALB -- omitted

; Names on the certificate that have no Ingress rule yet are NOT listed above.
; Pointing DNS at the ALB before a rule exists returns 404 from the default
; action, which reads like a broken deployment. Add the host rule first, re-run
; this script, and the row appears here on its own.
